Create "what is the app for" section & Restructure readme (#29)
Backbase/golden-sample-app: README.md

# Golden Sample Angular App

This golden sample provides examples of the code structure, configuration, and best practices to use for developing your  Backbase journey.

## Table of Contents
* [What is the app for](#what-is-the-app-for)
* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Authentication details](#authentication-details)
* [Generate an application](#generate-an-application)
* [Generate a library](#generate-a-library)
* [Development server](#development-server)
* [Code scaffolding](#code-scaffolding)
* [Build](#build)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Understand your workspace](#understand-your-workspace)
* [Running with docker](#running-with-docker)
* [Package as a runnable Docker container](#package-as-a-runnable-docker-container)

> * [Further help](#further-help)

Reviewer: I do not see all of these sections - do they still have to be completed?

Author: All the sections are already covered.

- This prototype covers the following:
    - Authentication
    - Support of the multiple languages
    - Integration with a theme
    - Using existing journey installed from local NPM repository
    - Configuring journeys
    - Configuring entitlements
    - Communication between journeys
 
 ### What components are part of the app
  - Auth module
  - Locale selector for SPA
  - Theme
  - Entitlements
  - Configuration of journeys
  - Communication service
  - Simplistic journey examples like transactions and transfer

## Prerequisites
For the best experience, the following VSCode extensions for Nx and Jest should be installed. 

- [nrwl.angular-console](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nrwl.angular-console): to find and run all the possible Nx Commands.
- [firsttris.vscode-jest-runner](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=firsttris.vscode-jest-runner): to easily run the isolated test as you are developing. 

- On some AWS environments, due to specific WAF configuration, you may need to use `http://0.0.0.0:4200/` when accessing the app locally, in order to successfully authenticate.

> ## Authentication details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Authentication
```
Add a short sentence on authentication wrt to the app and include the name of the files where this is defined: - `app.module.ts` 
- `AuthConfig` in `environment.ts`
- `APP_INITIALIZER`
and include the links. 
Add what cannot be put as a comment to the files here - e.g. sequence, specific requirements, or warning note of what they should not do in this particular case.

## Table of Contents
* [What is app for](#what-is-app-for)
* [Requirements](#requirements)
* [Authentication details](#authentication-details)
* [Generate an application](#generate-an-application)
* [Generate a library](#generate-a-library)
* [Development server](#development-server)
* [Code scaffolding](#code-scaffolding)
* [Build](#build)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Understand your workspace](#understand-your-workspace)
* [Running with docker](#running-with-docker)
* [Package as a runnable Docker container](#package-as-a-runnable-docker-container)
* [Further help](#further-help)

## What is app for
- This example project is a reference implementation to showcase a number of best practices to use when building a new Angular SPA that leverages Backbase components and libraries. The project is regularly updated, so come back often to check for new improvements.
- This prototype covers:
    - Authentication in the app
    - Enable support of the multiple languages
    - Integration with a theme
    - Using existing journey installed from 
    - local NPM repository
    - Configuration of the journeys
    - Configuration of the entitlements

>     - Communication between journeys

Reviewer 2: Could we add links to the community for some of this points? Or it is a part of a different task that we planned?

Author: Yes, this one is for another ticket and we will definitely work on it soon.

## Requirements
For the best experience, these VSCode extensions for Nx and Jest should be installed. Jest runner allows you to easily run the isolated test as you are developing. Nx Console allows you to easily find and run all the possible Nx Commands.

> - `nrwl.angular-console`
> - `firsttris.vscode-jest-runner`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe better add links to VS marketplace for these extensions?

```suggestion
- [nrwl.angular-console](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nrwl.angular-console)
- [firsttris.vscode-jest-runner](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=firsttris.vscode-jest-runner).
```

#### Important

On some AWS environments, due to specific WAF configuration, you might need to use `http://0.0.0.0:4200/` when accessing the app locally, in order to successfully authenticate.

## Authentication details

#### Prerequisites

- Go through the [documentation page](https://community.backbase.com/documentation/foundation_angular/latest/authenticate_users) first to avoid any confusion with implementing authentication in the modelless app

#### Important Info

> The code that is used for authentication is not for production purposes, this is the example to understand the concepts lying under the hood.

Reviewer 3: This can be removed, it is not actual anymore

Do not copy-paste anything related to the authentication to your banking application.

#### How to add authentication to your app

> See the example code in the `app.module.ts`, the related `AuthConfig` in the `environment.ts` files, and the `APP_INITIALIZER` provider logic.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Check the example code in the `app.module.ts`, the related `AuthConfig` in the `environment.ts` files, and the `APP_INITIALIZER` provider logic.
```

# Golden Sample Angular App

> This golden sample provides examples of the code structure, configuration, and best practices to use for developing your  Backbase journey.

Reviewer 4: What do you mean by "Backbase journey"? Might it not be confusing?

## Table of Contents
* [What is the app for](#what-is-the-app-for)
* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Authentication details](#authentication-details)
* [Generate an application](#generate-an-application)
* [Generate a library](#generate-a-library)
* [Development server](#development-server)
* [Code scaffolding](#code-scaffolding)
* [Build](#build)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Understand your workspace](#understand-your-workspace)
* [Running with docker](#running-with-docker)
* [Package as a runnable Docker container](#package-as-a-runnable-docker-container)
* [Further help](#further-help)

## What is the app for
- This project is a reference implementation to showcase best practices to use when building a new Angular SPA for Backbase components and libraries. The project is updated with the latest versions of the tools and libraries used. It shows guidelines about how to develop a web application for the frontend developers.

> - This prototype includes the following:

Reviewer 4: "includes" => "covers"

    - Authentication
    - Support of the multiple languages
    - Integration with a theme
    - Using existing journey installed from local NPM repository
    - Configuring journeys
    - Configuring entitlements
    - Communication between journeys
 
 ### What components are part of the app
  - Auth module
  - Locale selector for SPA
  - Theme

>   - Entitlement

Reviewer 4: "Entitlement" => "Entitlements"

  - Configuration of journeys
  - Communication service
  - Simplistic journey examples like transactions and transfer

## Prerequisites
For the best experience, the following VSCode extensions for Nx and Jest should be installed. 

> - [nrwl.angular-console](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nrwl.angular-console): to find and run all the possible Nx Commands.J

Reviewer 4: Is this ".J", at the end of the sentence, a left over or is intentional?

- [firsttris.vscode-jest-runner](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=firsttris.vscode-jest-runner): to easily run the isolated test as you are developing. 

> - On some AWS environments, due to specific WAF configuration, you may haved to use `http://0.0.0.0:4200/` when accessing the app locally, in order to successfully authenticate.

Reviewer 4: "haved" => "need"

## Authentication details

> #### Prerequisites

Reviewer 4: Why switching from H3 to H4?

> - Go through the [documentation page](https://community.backbase.com/documentation/foundation_angular/latest/authenticate_users) first to avoid any confusion with implementing authentication in the modelless app

Reviewer 4: What about customers that have never known about our previous developments using model? Does it need any background?

> #### Important Info

Reviewer 4: Why switching from H3 to H4?

> The code that is used for authentication is not for production purposes, this is the example to understand the concepts lying under the hood.

Reviewer 4: I would like to emphasise this and next paragraph.

> Do not copy-paste anything related to the authentication to your banking application.

Reviewer 4: I would like to emphasise this and previous paragraph.

#### How to add authentication to your app

> Check the example code in the `app.module.ts`, the related `AuthConfig` in the `environment.ts` files, and the `APP_INITIALIZER` provider logic.

Reviewer 4: Can you not add a direct link to the file, and maybe to the lines you want the developer to pay attention to?

Reviewer: Agree, See my comment above

> ### How to add authentication to your app

Reviewer: Make this title into text with the details of where they can do this.

Check the example code in the `app.module.ts`, the related `AuthConfig` in the `environment.ts` files, and the `APP_INITIALIZER` provider logic.

> Secure routes with `AuthGuard`s. We rely on <https://github.com/manfredsteyer/angular-oauth2-oidc>, check their documentation for more details.

Reviewer: Is this a recommendation? 
If yes, the state that in the bulleted list for authentication above and provide the link. Not necessary to have text about checking documentation - you have provided the link.

> When using Nx, you can create multiple applications and libraries in the same workspace.

Reviewer 3: Looks like missing header here before the NX section to separate it from the authentication.
What do you think about adding the `Developers guide` section, that will unite `generate a library`, `development server`?

> You can also use Nx Console to generate libraries as well.

> When using When using [Nx](https://nx.dev/), you can create multiple applications and libraries in the same workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using [Nx](https://nx.dev/), you can create multiple applications and libraries in the same workspace.
```

> After generating, use appropriate tags in both `nx.json` and `.eslintrs.json` to impose constraints on the dependency graph. [Nx Tags](https://nx.dev/structure/monorepo-tags)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the app has been generated, use tags in `nx.json` and `.eslintrs.json` to impose constraints on the dependency graph. [Nx Tags](https://nx.dev/structure/monorepo-tags)
```

> When using Nx, you can create multiple applications and libraries in the same workspace.

Reviewer 4: Add a link to Nx web page in "Nx" word

> Libraries are shareable across libraries and applications. They can be imported from `@backbase/mylib`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Libraries can be shared across libraries and applications. You can import them from `@backbase/mylib`.
```
It is not clear what you want to say with the second sentence. Do you mean: "you can import other libraries from  `@backbase/mylib` for other apps?
Or do you mean that you can access other libraries, and "share" them (i.e. means not having a local version of the library for the app?"

> ## Development server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Load app on a development server
```
Is this what you mean here?

Libraries are shareable across libraries and applications. They can be imported from `@backbase/mylib`.

> After generating, use appropriate tags in both `nx.json` and `.eslintrs.json` to impose constraints on the dependency graph.[Nx Tags](https://nx.dev/structure/monorepo-tags)

Reviewer 4: Why repeating the same paragraph in two different places so close?

> Run `ng build my-app` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the project on a development server, run 
`ng build my-app

The build artifacts are stored in the `dist/` directory. 

To build the app to production, use the `--prod` flag.
```
The title for this section appears to be for the development server. Should this be a separate title for production?
Perhaps you can have this as a single title: 
Building your app

and the different commands in for the different build environments.

## Tests

> ### Running unit tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Running unit tests
```
Propose that you have a single title: Testing
and then you have bulleted items or in a table: the different commands
Keep it simple.

Run `ng test my-app` to execute the unit tests via [Jest](https://jestjs.io).

Run `nx affected:test` to execute the unit tests affected by a change.

> ### Running end-to-end tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Running end-to-end tests
```
